out
red traffic light from episode 130 small one
good okay
So a new hope the rebels
are on their way to their base and
Become a star destroyer
picked up and pulled in the book
The rebels are preparing for one
enemy overpowers the storm trooper
before and ask everyone to act
a little glamor welded that
steady and his friends to one
huge volume of explosion breaks
a hole in the wall
it is shot and there are offered
a violent firefight and by the
door walks the dark lord darth
Vader
we hate and love each other
my son he is trying one of the rebels
with a funny eggshell invited to
to persuade to achieve
base is of which I do not tell
and without further ado
and the story is over and the moral
The story may not be allowed online
you did not enjoy it again but was
OK
O
private I did not do that
everything from the doctor
is ever
marien
monster
helper
but only funny